Bend.
Bent.
Tom wants to bend spoons with his mind.
Yesterday, he bent one by accident.
He's bent more things since.
Bite.
Bit.
She bit them out of habit.
She's bitten them for years.
Blow.
Blue.
Blown.
Jack wants to blow balloons.
He blew up a whole bunch yesterday.
He's blown more than anyone else.
Burst.
Tim hopes not to burst balloons.
Yesterday, one burst in his face.
He's burst a few more since then.
Catch.
Caught.
Jane tries to catch fish.
Last week, she caught a huge one.
She's caught more this summer.
Deal.
Delt.
Mark wants to deal cards.
He dealt them last game night.
He's dealt in many poker games since.
Dig.
Dug.
Alex tries to dig in the garden.
Yesterday, he dug a deep hole.
He's dug several more today.
Fight.
Fought.
Matt tries not to fight with his brother.
Last time, he fought over the TV.
He's fought over sillier things before.
Hang.
Hung.
Mike likes to hang pictures.
He hung one in his room yesterday.
He's hung others all over the house.
Hide.
Hidden.
Emma tries to hide presents well.
She hid one in the closet.
She's hidden many better since then.